hi guys today I'm going to show you how
to hack my talking Angela now say like a
browser I can use a chrome now the name
of vile is my total ninja life within 1
0 form of unlimited demons apk and
they're not now I'm going to give you
the link as a description turn it now
add the orange button now go to my file
add donor it now I'm already downloaded
and look I've got a lot of money so you
can buy anything you want like buy food
water food or upgrade the furniture or
buy a world drop or buy coils with
diamonds and or buy stickers lot of
stickers so here we are
anything you want you can buy it I'm
going to give you the link so the link
is the description I've already talked
about it so if the problem if you have a
problem I have the solution maybe is
true
go to settings to Noir now general and
security go to announcers and
you can download it if you want to if
you want to select the internet browser
is okay this one is not working for iOS
I think so if you have a problem ask me
and other comment thank you thanks for
watching don't forget subscribe and like
I do don't forget to share - bye guys